Request Header Fields

Accept: A field which can has content that are acceptable for response.
Accept-Charset: Character sets that are viable for the response.
Accept-Encoding: These are the encodings that are acceptable for the response.
Accept-Language: These are the languages that are suitable for the response.
Authorization: This needs your credentials for aunthentication so as to proceed.
Expect: It needs certain behaviors that are demanded by the client.
From: It contains the users email address.
Host: It contains the domain name of the server and also the port number which has the Transmission Control Protocol port.
If-Match: This request header makes a conditional request in which the client matches with entity located on the server.
If-Modified: It makes a method conditional. It is noted that 304 will be encountered. 
If-None-Matchif-Range: The client has sources that were obtained from previous resources.
If-Range: It has a partial copy but it has missing features. It requests a copy that is complete and suitable.
If-Unmodified-Since:It sends the response only if the entity has not been modified since a specified time.
Max-Forwards: It is the limit where a message is forwarded to various gateways.
Proxy-Authorization: Credentials are needed to access this proxy.
Range: It requests a specified entity range. 
Referer: It is an optional header field. It allows links which are not suitable to be maintainted. It allows the server to generalete list of back-links such as references.
TE- Also known as "Transfer Encodings", It indicates which transformation is needed to be applied on the message body to bes ent to the sender and client. 
User-Agent: It contains the user agent that gave the request.

Response Header Fields

Accept-Ranges:Specify partial content range the server supports. 
Age: It is the age of object through seconds with the use of cache in the proxy.
ETAG: It is a identifier from a specific resource version.
Proxy-Authenticate:Credentials are needed for this proxy
Location: Often used to redirect or if there is a new source.
Retry-After: If entity is not current available, Retry-After is used to tell the client to try again sometime.
Server: The server's name.
Vary: Request header fields which determine, if a cache is used to reply to a following request.
WWW-Authenticate:A scheme authentication that is used to obtain the specified entity.

Entity Header Fields:

Allow:
Content-Encoding:
Content-Language:
Content-Location:
Content-MDS:
Content-Range:
Content-Type:
Content-Length:
Expires:
Last-Modified:

